okay everybody it's be vegan and today's
video is about probiotics and sauerkraut
I just want to give you a little bit of
background before I go into the recipe
that I'm gonna share with you a couple
years ago I was having issues with my
digestive tract and I think actually
what caused it is I was working
somewhere where I was getting really
sick all the time
and so I had gone through a few courses
of antibiotics and my stomach was just
giving me so many problems and I knew a
way to fix it naturally was through
probiotics but I didn't want to use
something that was full of animal
product so I didn't want to use like a
kefir or one of those expensive things
that they sell in Whole Foods like in
glass bottles its probiotic which is
great but the majority that comes from
milk also I believe that kombucha has
great probiotic properties but I was out
of town at the time and didn't have
access to a kitchen so I was not wanting
to spend 4 dollars every single day to
buy a kombucha so this is something that
I kind of through the years have gotten
to like and really enjoy when I was in
Poland I ate like sauerkraut daily if
you look at my Instagram I think I was
in love with sauerkraut I put so many
pictures up but this is the recipe that
we stumbled upon my husband and I he's
polish so he introduced me to sauerkraut
and then I realized after some time that
there is actually probiotic properties
in sauerkraut which is unbelievable so
I'm going to show you how to make it but
first let me just tell you a couple
things that are beneficial to know about
this vegan source of probiotic fermented
vegetables are very rich in lactic acid
and along with other natural acids that
are produced in your digestive system
those help break apart this sounds
disgusting but like putrified food
undigested food that becomes purified in
your digestive tract so it really helps
break that apart and flush it out
cabbage and broccoli and other
cruciferous cruciferous vegetables are
really good for your system anyway they
have a lot of fiber they're actually
anti-can
Souris and then when you when you
combine the cabbage with the probiotic
process that happens through
fermentation you have these two things
that just like BAM POW together and it
really gives your digestive system are
cleaning out as well as a flushing
through to save for lack of a better
term sauerkraut is something that I have
been searching for here in the US trying
to find something that compares to what
I ate in Poland and anything jarred is
like just pales in comparison so we
wanted to make our own sauerkraut we
wanted to find the recipe that was
completely pure and so this is the
recipe without further ado it has very
little ingredients it's just a head of
cabbage which if you can get organic
cabbage where you live maybe it's three
dollars something like that if you can't
find an organic cabbage then it's gonna
be even less than that and I use
Himalayan salt with it and all you need
is some kind of empty glass jar that's
cleaned very very well and that has some
kind of lid on it and honestly that is
all unique the cabbage provides its own
water over time and the process takes
about five six days and it is so
delicious it actually takes exactly like
the cabbage that I've tried in Europe
and it's fresh and it's raw and it's
wonderful so here we go this is what you
need to do to make this dark out in your
home number one 2.2 pounds or one kilo
of green cabbage thinly chopped I use
the food processor you can use that if
you have it it's not you can chop it by
hand number two 1.5 tablespoons or 25
grams of good quality salt no table salt
table salt it's so bad for you I could
make a whole nother video on that I used
to Malayan see I used Himalayan salt you
can also use like Celtic sea salt and
any of those are good good quality salts
number three is optional I didn't add at
this time but you've if you'd like to
you can add two grated carrots number
four gonna need two big pickle jars or
any kind of glass jar that has a lid the
jar that I used are 30 ounce jars each
or what I think would be better although
I'm yet to find a gigantic jar I think
one jar at 60 ounces would be perfect
for one whole head of cabbage here's
what you need to do chop the cabbage in
your food processor or by hand and then
put it in a big bowl with the salt and
leave it uncovered for an hour you want
to just mix it together with your hands
or with a spoon whatever so the salt
gets everywhere after some time some
water is just going to come out from the
cabbage and so you leave it there for a
full hour and then you mix it again
after the hour and you transfer it
equally between both jars even the jars
once it's in the jars you wanted to have
the top quarter of the jar empty so
you're only going to fill two cabbage in
the jar like three quarters of the way
the reason for this is because it's
going to rise liquid is going to come
and it means that space for fermentation
you're going to mash it down with
something you can use any kind of spoon
you have I happen to use a Vitamix gosh
what the heck is that called I think
it's called a tamper and that's what I
use and then you place it somewhere at
room temperature with the lid on but not
screwed on tight
you want it to be covered so that junk
doesn't get in to it just from sitting
around to all five six days but you
don't want to close the lid because
it'll stop the fermentation process and
you don't want to put it in the fridge
with the lid closed because that also
will stop the fermentation process
juster or not to stir that is the
question some people believe stirring
the sauerkraut daily is a good thing and
mashing it down some people believe you
should just let it sit and do its thing
I kind of am in-between on those so if
it looks like it needs a little stir
I'll stir it and place the lid carefully
back on other times I'll let it go a
couple days without stirring at all then
you wait for five or six days until it
looks good and tasty and then you taste
it and you see if it's good and if it's
to your liking then you can screw the
lid on and put in the fridge and if it's
not to your liking you
let it sit another day and it's really
as simple as that and that's it this is
the finished product it has completely
filled it up it looks beautiful the
green color that's on the outside the
joiner has turned to a lovely white and
kind of different shade of green and
it's really good something I wanted to
say that it didn't say earlier if some
people use vinegar and sauerkraut and
it's just not necessary it's I don't
think it's a good thing for you to be
ingesting all the time I've heard
controversial things about vinegar so I
tried to stay away from me except for
cleaning my dishes but I don't use any
vinegar it's just not necessary and it
tastes amazing and do a little taste
this actually faith for five days my
mouth is watering cool mm-hmm very good
okay try this recipe tell me what you
think tell me if you love it as much as
I do
like subscribe I'll see you guys next
time